chore: default flat runs to on (#9709)
determined-ai/determined: docs/release-notes/run-centric-ux.rst

:orphan:

**New Features**

> -  WebUI: Turn on new run-centric search view

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- WebUI: In the Experimental features, Flat Runs View is now "on" by default. Users can still toggle this feature "off".
```

>    -  This replaces the existing experiment search and multi-trial experiment views with views that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This update improves the ability to compare model performance between different trials, based on user feedback that most Determined users run single-trial experiments.
```

>       allow comparison between arbitrary trials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>    -  We recieved user feedback indicating that users of Determined run primarily single-trial

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>       experiments, and the preexisting views made comparing model performance between different

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>       trials difficult.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>    -  We are renaming experiments to searches and trials to runs to make the difference between the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- "Experiments" is now renamed to "searches" and "trials" is now renamed to "runs" for better clarity.
```

>       two easier to understand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>    -  The experiment list is now the run list, which shows all trials from experiments in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The "experiment list" is renamed the "run list", showing all trials from experiments in the
```

>       project. It should function similar to the previous new experiment list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
project. It functions similarly to the previous new experiment list.
```

   -  Multi-trial experiments can be viewed in the new searches view, which allows for sorting,

>       filtering and navigation of the multi-trial experiments in the project.

Reviewer: ```
    filtering and navigating multi-trial experiments.
```

>    -  When viewing a multi-trial experiment, we now show a list of trials in the experiment to allow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When viewing a multi-trial experiment, a list of trials is displayed, allowing
```

>       for sorting, filtering and arbitrary comparison.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      for sorting, filtering and arbitrary comparison between trials.
```
